Oh what a joke
You people
Stinky beggar, what are you laughing at?
How can you speak here?
I laugh at you for being greedy.
Laugh at your selfishness
Laugh at you people who bully the soft and fear the hard
Look at your mouths.
ugly and vulgar
obscene
talk a lot
Dare to scold me again
Slap you with a big mouth
Please take a good look at what is written in the contract
The terms clearly indicate
If Su Wanqiu hadn't made a big mistake
This contract from start to finish
The person in charge is our late autumn
If the change is responsible
The contract is wasted immediately
Su Wanjiao, you bitch
You actually played tricks with me
You are not kind
You can't worship me as you wish
I'm pissed off I'm pissed off
Count this bitch
Or pretend to be silly and sweet
I'm really pissed off.
This project must not be given to him to choose
I had a hard time stepping on him
How could it be possible to let him line up?
But I'll keep an eye on it.
What return?
Come on, it says on the contract
When there was no problem with Su Wanqiu
He is a responsible
So if he makes a mistake